#126: Add documentation for token for private models in prediction UDFs (#127)
exasol/transformers-extension: doc/changes/changes_0.5.0.md

# Transformers Extension 0.5.0, released 2023-09-08

Code name: Support for transformer 4.31

## Summary

> This release makes the extension compatible with transformers to 4.31 and its new model cache format. 

Reviewer: with Huggingface transformers v.4.31.0 and their new model cache format.

> This release makes the extension compatible with transformers to 4.31 and its new model cache format. 

Author: ```suggestion
This release makes the extension compatible with Huggingface transformers v.4.31.0 and their new model cache format. 
```
